Dem volume insertion based on function criteria (#2045)
chaos-polymtl/lethe: doc/source/parameters/dem/insertion_info.rst

    Generally, we recommend users to use a threshold in the range of 1.3-2.0, depending on the value of offset.

> * ``insertion acceptance function`` subsection is used to define a function used to accept or reject insertion points in the insertion box based on their position. This parameter allows to create an insertion box of a arbitrary shape, which is useful when inserting in curved geometries, like a cylinder. A insertion point is accepted if the function returns a value greater than ``0.`` relative to its coordinate, before applying the offset defined by the ``insertion maximum offset`` parameter. By default, every point is accepted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``insertion acceptance function`` subsection is used to define a function used to accept or reject insertion points in the insertion box based on their positions. This parameter allows to create an insertion box of a arbitrary shape, which is useful when inserting in curved geometries, like a cylinder. A insertion point is accepted if the function returns a value greater than ``0.``, before applying the offset defined by the ``insertion maximum offset`` parameter. The default value of the function is ``1``  and leads to every point being accepted..
```
